---
layout: post
title: SPYSE- Search Engine For Hackers
color: aquamarine
tags: [Cyber Security, Penetration Testing]
---

### [Spyse](https://spyse.com/)

The process of bug bounty hunting usually comprises 5 basic stages:
- Reconnaissance
- Scanning
- Exploitation
- Maintaining access
- Reporting

It goes without saying that the first stages set the pace of the whole process. Reconnaissance is one of the most essential things to do while conducting bug bounty hunting or penetration testing. The deeper research you’ve conducted, the higher chance of successful results you have. Reconnaissance usually takes a lot of time and efforts. It’s necessary to receive as much data as possible about the target, then sort and analyze all of it with a view to getting the most value.
Not an easy task, yeah? Those, who’ve tried to do it on their own, would definitely agree. Furthermore, conducting a research oneself does not necessarily guarantee accurate results. Extracting relevant data plays a game changing role in bug bounty hunting, while an error can be critical.
_Sypse is the solution!_

#### What is Spyse?
Spyse is a full fledged platform for searching, and analysing information about various internet assets.
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/1.jpeg" column=1 %}
With more than 70 scanning servers all over the world, Spyse has an opportunity to scan and provide more information avoiding rate limits, geolocation restrictions and ISP blockages. The information is updated on a regular basis that’s why the amount of data impresses.
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/2.png" column=1 %}

#### Spyse Features:
Speaking of such command-line tools as Nmap, Sublist3r or Amass, their main advantage is the accuracy of data. But in order to get this data, user wastes a lot of resources because such tools require generating much network traffic and they have quite low scanning speed. Not to mention that there is also a big chance of being detected.
For those who value their time and money, there is Spyse. It shows results for any request immediately.
Type your target’s name in the searching bar and in a second you’ll get structured dashboards comprising the following information:
- General Site Info (title, description, status code, global rank etc.)
- Organization Info
- DNS Records (A, NS, MX, CAA etc.)
- DNS History
- Subdomains
- Current Certificate
- CVEs
- Security Score (level of target’s vulnerability based on found CVEs)
- Technologies Used
- Crawl Results (HTTP headers, meta tags, links etc.)
- WHOIS

In addition to this, you receive some extra data — anything connected to the target — related IP addresses/organizations/AS, same domains with different suffixes, domains with same favicon/title/certificate…
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/3.png" column=1 %}
… and some ready-made conclusions such as a security level rate on the basis of the CVEs detected and data related charts.
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/4.png,Spyse/5.png" column=2 %}
You can adjust your query by using the Advanced Search where you can add up to 10 filters specifying your needs.
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/6.png" column=1 %}
After receiving all necessary data, download it in CSV and ND JSON formats…
{% include aligner.html images="Spyse/7.png" column=1 %}

.. and move on to the other stages of bug bounty hunting. Try Spyse for free and enjoy its services. There’s much more to see since not all cards have been laid on the table 😃
https://spyse.com/pricing
